do you want to increase your wages by 20
to 30 percent each week do you want the
pride of knowing you help produce better
safer drivers on the road to become a
trainer I've been on any given day you
see a driver doing something unsafe and
you think to yourself where did he learn
to drive well this is an opportunity to
fix some of those problems by teaching a
drivers the safe ways to do the jobs
someone in your lives made a difference
when they taught you how to become a
driver now you can make a difference in
someone else's life
PTL is looking for people who can relate
to new drivers show them the ropes and
help them become a safe driver when
developing new drivers you're going to
teach them the essentials for becoming a
good driver how to use the Qualcomm
inside the trucks how the truck looks
feel sounds and it's shift patterns
teach what is expected of them as a
growth you will determine weaknesses and
strengths throughout the evaluation
process allowing you to develop
confident and safe drivers you're
already on the road driving a truck why
not make more money doing the same
amount of work being a trainer means
there are two drivers which results in
longer runs and more miles loss for a
single driver 2,500 miles is considered
a good week with two drivers you can log
3,500 to 4,000 miles per week dry 14 to
16 hours then Park and enjoy a good
night's sleep in the trucks double bunks
with new drivers entering the field
every day there's an endless supply of
training complete job security we want
the best so we can produce the safest
drivers on the road more money and
making the roads a safer place it's a
win-win situation for everybody
contact Kevin Fox for more details